This is Fengyu(Alan) Wang's work diary

Week 1
1. Formally formed the group during the class,
2. Shared and asked each other's skill sets so get a general idea of the capacity of the team and consider the role allocation.
3. Provided insight analysis on each systems, it include both advantages and disadvantages of each systems.
4. Helped allocating backend/frontend roles for each team members, I volunteered to take the software architecture design and frontend.
5. Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 2
1. Researched on the number of software architectures include microservices, monolith, server-based architecture, pipeline architecture etc.
2. Finished the first draft for the software architecture, received feedback and made further modifications.
3. Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 3
1. Started to learn the frontend framework Flutter by reading the documentation and played with it.
2. Set up the basic routing system (navigation bar) in the frontend based on types of users.
3. Set up a general skeleton of each pages.
4. Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 4
1. Implemented the frontend home page, it could display a list of events, showing event details, all those contents were static and 
later transferred to dynamic with the help of other teammates 
2. Implemented the frontend event page, it could display a list of incoming events if it's event attendants, a list of hosted events if it's host and later transformed to dynamic 
with the help of other teammates 
3. Attended weekly weekend meeting.
4. Learnt the frontend state management tool Riverpod

Week 5
1. Finished the basic skeleton of the profile picture, it could display the user profile picture and reset password.
2. Applied the Riverpod to the project and start to set up the general template for the state provider in the frontend.
3. Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 6
1. Did the refactoring for the whole frontend, it includes the folder structure refactoring, naming convention refactoring, function refactoring, 
component refactoring etc.
2. Attended weekly weekend meeting.
3. Debugged some existing bugs that we had.
4. Implemented searching in the home page.

Week 7
1. Set up the connection with the backend, managed to ran the MySQL in my machine. 
2. Helped frontend teammates debugging their state management related problems and reported backend bugs to the backend developers.
3. Communicated the backend APIs needed for the frontend to the backend team.
4. Attended weekly weekend meeting.
5. Implemented sorting based on recency in the event listing, set up more advance template for the state management.

Week 8
1. Implemented comment create, comment listing, comment likes/dislikes features in the frontend.
2. Attended weekly weekend meeting.


Week 9
1. Learnt the third party graph tool and implemented analytics page. 
3. Helped frontend teammates to debug the state management related bugs in the frontend.
4. Reported bugs in the backend and fixed some of the backend APIs.
5. Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 10
1. Finalized the comment section by adding sorting/filtering UI and its functionalities to the comment section.
2. Started drafting the overview, frontend challenges including sorting, infinite scrolling and 
the third party tool Riverpod, fl_chart, percentage section of the report.
