This is Junji Dong's work diary

Week 1
We formed our group during the class and began analysing the different topics to choose for our project.
We ended up deciding to go with the events management system as it seemed the most interesting and we already
started coming up with ideas for novel functionalities using AI. I pitched ideas for a VIP rewards system for
our users which could be the basis for one of our novel functionalities. When talking about the tech stack to
use I mentioned I had backend experience in .NET and could provide some support if we went down that route.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 2
During this week we planned out the functionalities we we wanted to implement and asked our tutor for feedback.
It was during our tutorial that we realised we were lacking functionalities as well as user stories. We took
this feedback and made changes to our proposal. In Jira I set out to create epics and also create the user
stories with Hong Zhang. Our team delegated out different sections of the proposal and I contributed writing
the background and comparables section as well as helping Hong Zhang write up the functionalities.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 3
I began working on an API scaffold for the backend developers on my team to provide them the starting ground on
which they could build the backend system. We finalised our proposal with the feedback from our tutor and I helped
format the proposal document.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 4
The first demo is due soon so I worked on setting up flutter for our frontend devs and documented the set up guide.
Got the login/logout flow working and integrated firebase with our app. Primarily focused on our user registration
and authentication flows in the frontend.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week5
The start of the week was quite busy as I was working on setting up http requests to work on the frontend so that
we could link up to the backend and retrieve our event data. I did pair programming with Fengyu and Hong to show them
how the http request worked. Hong then refactored this part of the frontend code so it became easier to reuse. After
the demo we talked about what we could have done better and recorded that in our sprint retrospective report. I put
my name down to watch over the team's time management for next sprint.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 6
During our flexi week I fixed some existing bugs and planned out how I was gonna approach the work required for demo 2.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 7
Picked up new tickets from the second sprint and got to work on the tickets purchasing system. I learnt how to use
riverpod for state management from Alan which was very helpful in creating an interactive ticket purchasing system.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 8
The start of the week was busy again as we were rushing to build our features before the demo. I also created a screen
for hosts to create tickets which was crucial for demoing the ticket purchasing feature. I also had to make a last
minute change in which users had access to a cancel all button for their booked tickets. We also had the retrospective
due so I helped complete the section on what went right and discussed ideas on how we could improve for next sprint.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 9
From the previous demo we realised we had a lot left to implement particularly for providing the novel functionalities
and a better user experience. I worked on implementing several features such as ticket discounting for vip customers,
priority queing for vip customers as well as modifying the ticket creation page to accomodate these features. During our
tutorial we talked about ways to improve the UI for vip customers and I modified the way ticket discounting was shown.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 10
During the start of the week I worked on finalising features as well as implementing the subscription and notification
features. We worked on ironing out bugs and testing before the final presentation. After the final presentation we focused
our attention to the final report and I worked on the functionalities section with Hong Zhang as well as adding screenshots
for better visual demonstration. In the report I also wrote up sections relating to what I implemented such as firebase.


