This is Jiapeng Yang's work diary

Week 1
Week 1 is the time to form a group and decide on the system we are going to implement, 
what technologies we are going to use in this project and discuss what functionalities we can do,
especially talked about some novel functionalities.
I have contributed my ideas on the system, such as what the database schemas should look like and 
how we can achieve the vip functionalities.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 2
Week 2 is the time to setup Jira and started doing the proposal, we have decided eachone's task, I am the backend developer.
We have also separate the proposal into several parts and assign them to team members.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 3
I started working on the database setup and decided to use entity framework.
Learned C# and use it to to query database, talk to frontend, and handle exceptions.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 4
Started working on my task, and improve the design of database.
I also did pair programming with Redmond and we work together to address some difficult issues.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week5
I asked the fronted team what format of data they want from the backend,
so that backend does not send uncessary data and easier for frontend to use them.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 6
I kept doing my tasks, finished comment functionalities.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 7
Work with frontend team to make sure the endpoints are working.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 8
Busy coding time for everyone, I finished most of the backend tasks that I need to do.
I talked with frontend team to make sure the connections between frontend and backend are working well.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 9
Aim to finish my tasks within a week so that the frontend team does not have to wait long for the endpoints,
and I can also have some free time help the frontend team connecting the backend endpoints.

Attended weekly weekend meeting.

Week 10
Finished all my tasks and test the APIs to make sure they are working,
offering helps if other team members have problems.


